hey guys in this story I'm going to be
teaching you how to switch between
different scenes so if you have a main
menu and you want to press button and
loan into a different scene you can do
that
so scenes are pretty much just each area
of your game so if you had different
maps and stuff they would be in a
separate scene so people like to make a
bunch of different levels and different
scenes or make different menus and stuff
that can load up different scenes or
anything along those lines um so if we
go file open scene you can see that map
1 this is the scene right here but we
are going to want to create just a new
scene and the only thing that will be in
our new scene is a camera for now so
this is where you could build an area
for your main menu if you want to make
it look all cool and stuff and have your
different buttons and stuff so I went
and made a simple main menu script it's
nothing fancy it's just loading to our
next level so we're going to be creating
a GUI button and we've done this before
screen with divided by two screen height
divided by two and we can probably get
rid of that that's no big deal
and we just have it labeled startgame so
application download level this is for
loading a scene and then you want the
name of the scene you want to load in
here so make sure that all the letters
are capitalized in lowercase exactly
like how you have it set up so that's
all you need for that
you can go and throw the main menu
scripts under your camera or whatever
and we're just going to be using this
for testing purposes I also want to add
one thing if you're actually building
your game you're going to want to add
each scene so you want to load up beat
scene and say add current and we do want
to save it real quick we'll call this
main menu so here we have map 1 main
menu so if you are actually going to be
building in a new want your main menu to
be the first one you want to click and
drag it to the top so it's set at 0 and
our map will be set at 1 there so if we
start it up our game after we build this
it'll go to the main menu first so
that's one little thing you want to set
up but for now it's just going to load
the scene that we're in right now so
we'll just press play
pervert X has not been
signed a
I am very curious of why there is a
vertex GUI Tex
me I don't know what happened there
oh okay hmm
oh because we're creating a GUI button
that's totally my mistake there
we'll go and fix that real quick
yep so you see here it starts up we
probably want to extend this if we want
to add more text because it was set at
80 for length so it might need to be
like a hundred to fit in all that text
but yeah if we just click here it'll
load right into our game and start
playing so that's a simple way to make
like a main menu and switch between
stuff like that maybe one in here main
menu to load into a characters function
scene likely character and how to float
into here they probably want to make a
CD transfer
I think in another before I'm going to
show you guys how to make it so you can
transfer variables if you wanted so if
you wanted to save your variables into
like a certain slot like you know how
some games have like three save slots we
can make it so it could grab some
information from another game and tell
you what level you are different stuff
like that and when you click it it can
load your character and all your stats
and all your information in there so
that's something to look forward to in
the future but this is basics on how to
set that up if you want to switch
between different scenes or different
Maps or whatever